Virtual assistants are more efficient ways to interact with computers. Computers have come a long way from being a device that can only do math. These days, tools are playing a significant and increasing role in our lives, and it can be difficult to catch up with the latest developments and use them effectively. This application is designed to help people interact with computers more naturally and in a more comfortable way. A Virtual Assistant allows a customer to ask for queries in the similar that they would have with a human, and is even capable of doing some basic tasks like opening apps, reading out news, taking notes, Playing video and pausing and playing them etc., with just a voice command. Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing in Text to Speech and Speech to Text in Speech Recognition. Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing is also used to understand the user’s text and convert it into voice. Artificial Intelligence powered personal assistants can help you to minimize the amount of time that you spend on task and make it more efficient. Minimizes the use of input devices like keyboards, mouses, touch pens, etc. The rapid growth of mobile devices and the introduction of voice-recognition technology has changed how we interact with our devices. It's a mistake to think that a keyboard and mouse are the most efficient ways to interact with a computer. Touch interfaces, voice-recognition, and gestural interfaces have been steadily gaining ground in the market. The new technology that has been introduced by Intel will have a great impact on the world of technology. This new type of chip is more powerful than previous models, but also more efficient. The main idea behind this technology is to use the computer's memory more efficiently, so it won't be necessary to buy expensive hardware or take up much space for it. The Personal Assistants Virtual Assistant is a revolutionary piece of technology, designed to make life easier for all involved. It can be used by everyone from executives, to managers, associates and personal assistants. It's a perfect fit for a variety of work environments and tasks including anything from scheduling meetings and taking notes during those meetings to managing client expectations. We help our clients with day-to-day tasks, freeing up their time for more important things. The Personal Assistant Virtual Assistant is an open source, free software that is available for free download from [GitHub](https://github.com/chirag127/Olivia-A-Personal-Virtual-Assistant). Furthermore, it is also very useful for people who are not able to use the keyboard or mouse. These people include those with cognitive disabilities, hearing disabilities, physical disabilities and visual impairment. In order to serve them as well as they can, digital products should be developed to be fully accessible in the future. The Personal Assistant is designed especially for such people who want to interact with their machines and systems using voice.


CO PSO1 PSO2
C209.1 3 3
C209.2 3 3
C209.3 3 3
C209.4 3 3
C209.5 3 3
C209 3 3